Wow, I shamefully love this book. I kept smiling and giggling through every chapter.

In the first seasons of Vanderpump Rules, Stassi Schroeder was one of my least favorite characters. Way to much of a drama maker for my taste.

In the last seasons however, she became ..., and I enjoyed her apperance. This book is lifting up my impression even more.

Stassi can write! This book is so well written.

I enjoyed the easy language, the stories, her confidence.

I actually felt more confident in myself after reading this book.

When Stassi tells you to be basic af, she really means that you should be you own true self, and is actually kind off empowering.

Basically, this is a basic book about every imaginable basic subject.

Stassi is bright, witty and authentic.

Stassi champions the things that many of us are afraid to love publicly for fear of being labeled as basic: lattes, pugs, bubbly cocktails, millennial pink, romantic comedies.

It's right in the name that this is the next level basic book.

Find your own style, find the people that love and support you and best of all learn from your mistakes because they make you who you are today.

What I love the most about the book, though, is how uplifting it is.

It's actually pretty empowering.

I want to finish with a quote. ""

"Think of times you have felt your happiest, and make a list of them. And then take som etime to think about why you were happy.
Yes, sometimes it will be because you were with loved ones or it was your 21st birthday or your son was born.
But a lot of them will be simply because you were yourselves. And you would not having to pretend to be a foodie who despises hotdogs or a TV hater who would never watch Kardashians, even though you watch it on the reg.
Look to those moments and aspire to keep those moments going. And that's what makes you an enlightened next level basic bitch badass.




I was not a big Stassi fan after her first appereances on Vanderpump Rules. Although I grew to like her eventually, I did not expect to enjoy her book as much as I did.

As the book title implies, this book is about embracing being basic a.f. 

A basic bitch loves all things Starbucks, selfies, social media, hot dogs, bubbly coctails, #OOTD, millenial pink... The list goes on and on. Basically, she covers every imaginable basic subject.

Stassi is bright, witty and authenic. It is easy entertainment, and I must shamefully admit that I enjoyed each and every part of it.

What I love the most about the book, though, is how empowering it is. When Stassi tells you to be basic a.f. she means that you should embrace being yourself. 

Find your own style, learn from your mistakes, and find the people that love and support you. I especially liked one of her final quotes of the book:

"Think of times you have felt your happiest, and make a list of them. And then take some time to think about why you were happy.
Yes, sometimes it will be because you were with loved ones or it was your 21st birthday or your son was born.
But a lot of them will be simply because you were yourself. And you would not having to pretend to be a foodie who despises hotdogs or a TV hater who would never watch Kardashians, even though you watch it on the reg.
Look to those moments and aspire to keep those moments going. And that's what makes you an enlightened next level basic bitch badass."

